# EDOL

I created the first version of this application as part of my dissertation, completed in August 2011, for which I was awarded a PhD in economics from George Mason University. I then developed it further while I was an assistant professor at Fresno Pacific University. It is published here, mainly for the purposes of advertising my skills as a Java programmer, since I'm considering a transition into a career in software development and coding. Of course, from my perspective at least, the project is inherently interesting. But it isn't written to be especially self-explanatory or user-friendly, since I was the only intended user. I ran the simulations to learn particular things, and turn them into charts to paste into academic articles. 

If you're interested in this project, you can start by watching this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZfL7stF47EM. In the video, I set the simulation in motion and use the results to demonstrate a few interesting results about economic growth, the emergence of goods variety in a capitalist free-market economy, and the role of capital accumulation in driving technological change. Alternatively, you can write to me at Nathan_Smith@ksg03.harvard.edu, and I'll be happy to tell you more about it. If you're an economist interested in understanding the economic meaning of the simulations, I'll talk about economic growth and goods variety. If you're an employer interested in recruiting a Java developer, I'll show you my code and discuss my Java programming experience.
